# ASR-2DF Appliance Form Factor Reference Design

## INTRODUCTION

ASR-2DF is a form factor reference design for the Afero ASR-2D Secure WiFi/BLE radio architecture (based on the ESP32 WiFi/BLE chipset).  The ASR-2DF uses the Espressif ESP32-WROOM-32D module + the Afero Hardware Security Module.

This reference design is meant for customers to use as a starting point for their
own designs.  It is designed to solve for two different customer situations:

  * As a separate board that is connected via a cable (connectorized) to the product's MCU board utilizing the on-board 3V3 supply, or
  * As a module that is soldered down onto a host-PC board.  Further stuffing options can select between an on-board or off-board 3V3 supply.

There are two different stuffing options (BOMs) to cover these two cases.

Use of the pre-certified Espressif ESP32-WROOM-32D module gives the board FCC/IC, TELEC, and other certifications.

For more information, please see the Afero developer site: https://developer.afero.io

## Design Information
The ASR-2DF design was built using Altium.  The entire Altium project, including scripts that generate the output files, is included.

## Manifest (abridged)
 * **ASR-2DF.PrjPcb** is the toplevel Altium project file.
 * **ASR-2DF.SchDoc** is the Altium schematic file.
 * **ASR-2DF.PcbDoc** is the Altium layout file.
 * **ASR-2DF.IntLib** is an integrated Altium part library for the design.
 * **AssyDrawing.PCBDwf** and **FabDrawing.PCBDwf** are drawing templates for the Assembly and Fabrication drawings.
 * **documentation.OutJob** and **gerbers.OutJob** are the "scripts" for Altium that you can use to generate all of the needed output files (pdf files, gerbers, pick and place info, et cetera).
 * **ASR-2DF.pdf** pdf of the schematics, isometric view of the board, fab and assembly drawings; autogenerated.
 * **gerbers** is the directory where the Gerber output files and ODB++ files are located.  These are the files that one would use when you release the board to fab and assembly; autogenerated.
 * **gerbers/Bill of Materials-ASR_2DF.csv** is the Bill of Materials for the debug version of the board; autogenerated.
 * **gerbers/Bill of Materials-ASR_2DF(ASR-2DF - Connectorized Appliance FF).csv** is the Bill of Materials for the connectorized version of the board; autogenerated.
 * **gerbers/Bill of Materials-ASR_2DF(ASR-2DF - Solder Down Module FF).csv** is the Bill of Materials for the modularized version of the board; autogenerated.
 * **LICENSE.txt** Apache 2.0 license governing the use of this design.
 * **NOTICE** Copyright information.
 * **README.md** This file.

Please note that the Afero Secure Radio firmware stack and hardware security modules used in the design are not publicly available.  Please contact Afero about licensing these items.

## CONTRIBUTORS
Original design by Afero, Inc.

Copyright 2018, 2019 Afero, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license; check LICENSE.txt for more information.  All text above must be included in any redistribution.
